there's humpbacks like I think
they're going to come up under
me right now I don't know where
they went there so close
alive
we're paddling maybe 50 yards
away from each other and Brian
scenes is to humpbacks just kind
of like checking us out
curious the most magical thing I
think I've ever experienced the
Baja project was really an
effort to like get to know baja
in the most intimate way
possible
Ultimate Adventure we did 600
miles of hiking and four miles
of standard power because a
hundred eleven days the first
five days of the stand-up paddle
for the worst of the trip like i
was paddling and literally going
nowhere pretty much on a
treadmill because the wind the
waves were just keeping in 11
area
we got caught on this island for
about three days during heavy
winds it was really bad
you're good on the fourth day it
was clear that was going to stay
calm for at least like a couple
hours and we were really
breaking it to make it to the
other side because we didn't
know when this win was going to
pick up again like we already
get into trouble there it would
be unlikely that we would
survive and so we are actually
taking a big risk in stopping
for these whales only crack how
we've been safe and just
continue to paddle to shore
thinking about the win the whole
time we would have never been
able to interact with these
humpbacks like if you're too
cautious
you're gonna miss out there's
something about the misadventure
that kind of makes up the whole
adventure my mind is blown right
now
pretty pretty